feat(opennav_docking): add on-demand detector client & unit tests for dock plugins (#5015) (#5218)
ros-planning/navigation2: nav2_docking/README.md

The docking procedure is as follows:
1. Take action request and obtain the dock's plugin and its pose
2. If the robot is not within the prestaging tolerance of the dock's staging pose, navigate to the staging pose
3. Call the dock's plugin `startDetectionProcess()` method to activate any external detection mechanisms.
4. Use the dock's plugin to initially detect the dock (`getRefinedPose`) and return the docking pose.
5. Enter a vision-control loop where the robot attempts to reach the docking pose while it's actively being refined by the vision system.
6. Exit the vision-control loop once contact has been detected or charging has started (if applicable).
7. Wait until charging starts (if applicable) and return success.

> 8. Call the dock's plugin `stopDetectionProcess()` method to deactivate any external detection mechanisms (this is also called on failure/cancellation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Call the dock's plugin `stopDetectionProcess()` method to deactivate any external detection mechanisms.
```

Reviewer: TMI

> If anywhere this procedure is unsuccessful (before step 8), `N` retries may be made. This involves calling `stopDetectionProcess()`, driving back to the dock's staging pose, and then restarting the process from step 3. If still unsuccessful after retries, it will return a failure code to indicate what kind of failure occurred to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If anywhere this procedure is unsuccessful (before step 8), `N` retries may be made, driving back to the dock's staging pose, and then restarting the process from step 3. If still unsuccessful after retries, it will return a failure code to indicate what kind of failure occurred to the client.
```

Reviewer: TMI

   for charging to start by calling `isCharging`.
   * This may be implemented using the `sensor_msgs/BatteryState` message to check the power status or for charging current.
   * Used for charging-typed plugins.

>    + * `startDetectionProcess`: Start any detection pipelines required for pose refinement.

Reviewer: These bullets are needing 1 less set of indentations, currently they're nested under `isCharging`. Also, then the `two functions` should be 4. 

Personally I Think these can be removed, these are just describing the 'main' functions, there are more than just these and I don't think these count as 'main' functions.

`getStagingPose` applies a parameterized translational and rotational offset to the dock pose to obtain the staging pose.

`getRefinedPose` can be used in two ways.

> 1. A blind approach where the returned dock pose will simply be equal to whatever was passed in from the dock database. This may work with a reduced success rate on a real robot (due to global localization error), but is useful for initial testing and simulation. The `start/stopDetectionProcess` methods would typically do nothing in this case.

Reviewer: Remove

2. The more realistic use case is to use an AR marker, dock pose detection algorithm, etc. The plugin will subscribe to a `geometry_msgs/PoseStamped` topic `detected_dock_pose`. This can be used with the `image_proc/TrackMarkerNode` for Apriltags or other custom detectors for your dock. It is unlikely the detected pose is actually the pose you want to dock with, so several parameters are supplied to represent your docked pose relative to the detected feature's pose.

> The subscription to `detected_dock_pose` can be managed dynamically (see `subscribe_toggle` parameter). Additionally, an external detector process can be triggered via a service call (see `detector_service_name`). The `DockingServer` calls `startDetectionProcess()` before `getRefinedPose` (which is called in a loop) and `stopDetectionProcess()` after the docking action concludes (successfully or not). This allows plugins to manage resources like GPU usage by only running detection when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subscription to `detected_dock_pose` can be managed dynamically (see `subscribe_toggle` parameter). Additionally, an external detector process can be triggered via a service call (see `detector_service_name`). The `DockingServer` calls `startDetectionProcess()` before `getRefinedPose` and `stopDetectionProcess()` after the docking action concludes (successfully or not). This allows plugins to manage resources like GPU usage by only running detection when needed.
```

| staging_yaw_offset        | Staging pose angle relative to dock pose (rad)    | double |  0.0    |
| dock_direction        | Whether the robot is docking with the dock forward or backward in motion | string |  "forward"  or "backward"    |
| rotate_to_dock        | Enables backward docking without requiring a sensor for detection during the final approach. When enabled, the robot approaches the staging pose facing forward with sensor coverage for dock detection; after detection, it rotates and backs into the dock using only the initially detected pose for dead reckoning. | bool |  false      |
| detector_service_name      | Trigger service name to start/stop the detector (e.g., a camera node or an AprilTag detector node). Leave empty to disable service calls. | string | ""    |
| detector_service_timeout   | Timeout (seconds) to wait for the detector service (if `detector_service_name` is set) to become available or respond. | double | 5.0   |

> | subscribe_toggle           | If true, dynamically subscribe/unsubscribe to `detected_dock_pose` topic when `start/stopDetectionProcess` are called. If false, the subscription is kept alive throughout the plugin's lifecycle if `use_external_detection_pose` is true. This can be useful if the detector node is always running and publishing. | bool   | true  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subscribe_toggle           | If true, dynamically subscribe/unsubscribe to `detected_dock_pose` topic when `start/stopDetectionProcess` are called. If false, the subscription is kept alive throughout the plugin's lifecycle if `use_external_detection_pose` is true. This can be useful if the detector node only computes values when it has a subscription. | bool   | true  |
```
